what's up guys Julian here and I'm gonna
do another episode of JJ's kitchen
except the other Jay is gonna be here
for the first part so I'm going to
basically grab everything and do a first
run-through of the meal without the
other Jay so it's gonna be Jays kitchen
don't be J in this kitchen so what we're
gonna do today is black bean burgers and
as usual we will be making Gemma's the
unify not vegan so we're making the
burgers completely out of black beans
which is really cool so basically for
this recipe you're gonna need black
beans of course a little bit of flour if
you're gonna go blue free or reduced
gluten free flour you're going to need
some VNA's of mayonnaise where we prefer
one line a couple of red onions whatever
bacon you'd like to click on top of your
burger and whatever cheese you guys want
on your burner head lastly you're going
to need using the candy Bakehouse gluten
free that's good for those regrets but
also we are going to salt garlic powder
chili powder and of course parsley so
those are all the ingredients you're
going to need to make these badass black
bean burgers are really easy to make we
made them probably 50 times together
another really good thing about this is
if you double the recipe which is what
we're going to do which is what we
normally do because we just like to eat
you know this is a really really easy
leftover food don't you gonna do is you
basically pack the patties away and what
you want to eat it you just throw it on
the grill for like two minutes on each
side melt the cheese and you're good to
go so our first step is going to be to
put these in the food processor and if
you don't have a food processor you can
just match them up like with some sort
of nasty tool or a fork it's just more
work that way but if you have a blender
or a food processor that is the best
option so we're going to do that we're
going to drink them and we're recording
the food processor and get them into a
nice creamy substance what we want to
thank for exhibition well to make this
movie I'm gonna be here if you want to
know the reason for that I'll write it
below in the subtitle Cheers
so we are going to now add amidst red
onion to our black bean mixture that we
just took our weather who turned on the
notebook all right so I put a fair
amount of onions in here cause I'm a fan
of red onions and they taste really good
we're gonna mix it around until they get
nice and distributed into mixture now
we're going to add of all of our spices
into the nation and we're doubling the
recipe remember so that's
three teaspoons of garlic powder but our
motto here at JJ's kitchen is no garlic
is ever enough we all have a lot of
other models like they don't have an
ingredient bucket move on four teaspoons
of parsley two teaspoons of salt so that
once we have all of those ingredients in
our bowl we are going to add a cup and a
half of flour a little bit at a time so
slowly edit it don't put it in all one
the flour is really good at holding the
recipe together as if it's like one
whole burger because we don't flour the
burgers just gonna kind of fall apart
alright guys so we have our mixture
completely ready we only needed a cup of
flour sometimes you need more sometimes
than you left I guess it depends on the
flour that you use but now we're going
to just mold them into little patties
whatever size patties you want we're
gonna oil up the frying pan and we're
going to cook them for a couple minutes
on each side
after you flip them once you put cheese
on it and bacon if you're gonna do that
but that is basically the bulk of the
recipe right there so I'm going to fry
these up and then
cut all the toppings on oh and we're
gonna make our aioli which goes on top
of the burgers you just need to mix
however much the only you want vegenaise
squeeze one whole line worth of juice
into the mixture and a nice hefty like
teaspoon and a half of chili powder when
you're doesn't they only top it on
burgers and then you're good to go
so as you guys just saw this
we are left with this is the black bean
burger so I'm going to eat this one now
and then we didn't get something a
little bit of a surprise or we're having
some vegan ones ready by I don't film
active
laughs but I just want to include the
first half of my show you guys me taking
a bite of this masterpiece the other day
you guys like watching the eat
dude I'm so pissed are you animals you
guys should watch and I am back I am
alive after I had hibernating for like
30 minutes up to the eating mats because
it was so good
and now Jenna will be on her way at home
I believe she's gonna be here like 20 25
minutes so I'm gonna start preparing
hers so I'm gonna take Howdy's that we
have leftover vegan shenanigans and I'm
gonna get her a burger all ready to go
and I'm gonna hopefully time it right so
by the time she gets here it's already
in hot this is one of her favorite meals
because we've had it a bunch of times
together and just one we really enjoy I
saw hopefully she's really happy and you
know what I'm not being super nice this
is just how you gotta act an enemy like
take care of each other you don't even
think of it as big nuts oh I see a lot
of comments they're like oh he's so
sweet so sweet and I appreciate that but
really at this point and when I do
things like this I want to do it because
I know happy it makes her because she
does the same type of thing
happy it's a really awesome thing and
when you guys get to experience having
someone that you like totally enjoy
giving things to and making them happy
it's pretty cool Wow didn't mean to get
all sappy on you but there it is so I'm
gonna heat up her burger and hopefully
get a video of her coming in to see what
is waiting for alright see you guys in a
few
that's page with Jenna's underwear you
love yours
all right how was it
another question you want to be in the
end of an episode of JJ's kitchen yeah
it was feature days
yeah I did a whole tutorial video and I
told them I was gonna have you so I was
just gonna make you a meal and then you
would come
and I even got you being a big next time
on your kitchen your cookies you know I
know how much this guy's kitchen it's
just I had to improvise
thank you probably to get myself
together again oh yeah baby oh he's so
excited ready Jen's gonna have a bite
before No
Oh telly of course that's when we make a
bargain burgers put an egg on mine
the world do you know me
plan out my harder all right now
ya know she was shooting all day and I
knew she was going to start at the end
she was and I get to say that you know
she deserves it she yes later she's been
out all day
that's all thanks for watching see you
guys next time on Jamie's kitchen